as Thomas Edison said our greatest
weakness lies in giving up the most
certain way to succeed is to always try
one more time I know they're going to be
a million times in your life where you
want to give up where you absolutely
ache with the desire to quit where
nothing fits inside of your gut
other than the certainty that you are
going to fail that you are not good
enough to push forward but that is the
fundamentally misunderstand the nature
of a failure the nature of a failure is
not to tell you who you are
the nature of a failure is to tell you a
way that didn't work it's to inform it's
to educate you it's to test you it's to
be a gut check to find out if you
believe in yourself enough to push
forward even when the world seems to be
telling you not to and as Brian Tracy
said
attempt the impossible in order to
improve your work think about that for a
second attempt the impossible just to
get better to try the things that you
you know are going to fail things that
the world is going to tell you Symphony
cannot be but even if it violates the
laws of physics if there's something in
that attempt that you're going to learn
you owe it to yourself you have a
[__] moral obligation to try because
all of the people that will lie in your
wake are the people that didn't try
simply because they didn't believe that
they could do it you have to be willing
to look at the world you have to be
willing to see things that you yourself
think are impossible and try because in
that you will stretch yourself you have
to be willing to look inward at the
state of your current skill set and
faith I am going to play outside of that
I'm not going to play word sake I'm
going to play where it hurts I'm going
to play where I feel clumsy
I'm going to play only in the areas that
make me feel stupid because in that I
know that the way the brain responds to
adaptation but I have to stress myself
and can't ever lose sight of it the only
way that the human animal
zaps is to stress you have to be willing
to break things in order to build
something new if you want to push the
boundaries if you want to see just how
far you can go if you want to succeed at
the highest level if you want to play on
a global scale you have got to be
willing to try the impossible because
right now the things that you need to do
are impossible for you but they won't
remain that way forever and as Aristotle
said pleasure in the job puts perfection
in the work it doesn't have to be a tale
of always being terrified everybody
myself included screaming at you telling
you that you need to go do something
great the part they're leaving out is
why the [__] should you care you she
can't resist the greatest joy you should
only listen to this if it's leading you
down a path that makes you feel you're
alive and that's the point the point if
you get in touch with something that
makes you feel great but not to let
yourself starve or be stopped by a fear
that you'll fail I fear that it can't be
done have fun have the guts to enjoy
yourself have the guts to go out and
attempt something audacious and
terrifying knowing that all along if
you're doing it right you're going to
have a good time so all of this going
balls out trying to prove something to
yourself trying to do something amazing
never lose sight that to build a better
life
another lose sight of the fact that
you're doing it to create the person
that you want to be never lose sight of
the fact that it should be fun
[Music]
you